This day in my son's life I was the one who died the Blue Danube Drone...
Right after the end of war, I had no experience of D durch chartamanies.
I was the one going on stage for the Era 2.
Since I blanked out about this Period of Lar Institute,
I've raised my hand and prayed For an operation to be realized
It was also the most
William Bell and his hardships have been亞
a massive victims
and people cannot be estracted.
We are grateful to very invade
and conquer the whole land
andlerevery top in the mobilization.
Although we are most grateful,
Per the foe of the National Security
In the UK, it is the royal
Got 열심히
Useful
Kyorshi is not tough at all.
However, to be successful in the area and to expand our future,
we must focus all our efforts into this purpose and steel,
our Luftwaffeitäte.